Industry and government share many similarities
in the area of warehousing, with the exception
of the sensitive nature of the items being stored
by the government and the government's special requirements
for packaging.
Additionally, there are special government requirements
for marking, such as barcodes
and radio frequency identification tags, for example,
to enable tracking and asset visibility.
An example of warehousing in government would include
vendors storing items for logistics.
The warehouse serves more as a pass through
in that items are received in the warehouse
and then delivered to the appropriate areas.